As hearing a phone ring, the two young girls
lower themselves down the dark shaft to check
on it.
They discover that the red flowers are mimicking
the sound of the cell phone.
Suddenly, the plants turn hostile and try
to kill the girls.
In panic, they run away from the evil vines,
unsure about the fates.
Will they make it out of the shaft?
What are those plants?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to get through a movie titled: The
Ruins.
Be aware.
There are spoilers.
Now, let's begin!
At a resort, two best friends Amy and Stacey,
are on vacation with their boyfriends Jeff
and Eric.
When Amy realizes that she has lost an earring,
a young man named Mathias finds it and returns
it to her.
The five soon befriend and have some drinks
at the pool.
Mathias shares that he needs to find his brother
Heinrich and his girlfriend in an ancient
temple.
They are archaeologists coming to study the
ruins.
He invites the four new friends and they all
in.
The next morning, they join Mathias’s friend
Dimitri for the trip.
After getting off the bus, the six can’t
find a taxi to take them to the ruins.
Dimitri pays a local truck driver to take
them there.
As they enter the woods, they find Heinrich's
jeep left there.
They follow a map to get to the ruins.
When they get to a spring, they don’t see
any further path.
There are two Maya kids staring at them from
a distance without talking.
Mathias notices a bush nearby and it turns
out to be a hidden way leading to the temple.
Finally, they can reach the ruins.
While all are delighted with this hidden remains,
the sound of horses and the men shoutings
suddenly come from behind them.
They rush out from the jungle with bows and
arrows.
While the friends try to communicate with
the men, Amy stands in the back with her camera.
Seeing Amy step on the plants, the men instantly
turn aggressive.
When Dimitri tries to hand over the camera
in a sign of apology for taking photos, he
is shot in the chest with an arrow, and then
shot in the face.
Frightened, the friends retreat back from
the men, running up to the top of the ruins.
Strangely enough, the men do not follow them
after, but do not leave the ruins.
At the top, Mathias finds the tents and a
pulley set up, but there is no sign of his
brother and his girlfriend.
Jeff suggests waiting until the men leave
so they can get out of the woods.
Mathias accidentally sees two human legs buried
in the vines.
He uncovers it and realizes it is Heinrich.
However, his brother is dead with some strange
rashes on his body.
Mathias bursts into loud wails.
After a while, Jeff sees there are more and
more people from the tribe coming.
Jeff thinks Heinrich could die from infection.
Their phones are out of signal when they arrive
here.
The group decides to wait for the authorities
to rescue them because Dimitri left their
information at the hotel before the trip.
Suddenly, they hear a cell phone ringing down
from the shaft.
The group finds it strange because their phones
can’t work here.
However, Mathias decides to check on it because
he thinks Heinrich’s girlfriend can be down
there.
Mathias then loops a rope around him.
The other friends lower him slowly down.
Suddenly the rope snaps and Mathias drops
to the bottom, unsure if he survives.
As the boys repair the rope, Stacey volunteers
to go down the shaft to check on Mathias and
the phone.
They lower her slowly down, but the rope isn't
long enough to take her all of the way.
Stacey decides to untie herself from the rope
to drop to the dirt floor.
However, she cuts her knee with the broken
lantern.
Mathias says that he is scared, and can't
feel his legs.
Stacey tells the group his back is broken.
The friends on the surface decide to make
a back-board to load him up.
Amy becomes scared and paranoid seeing what
happened.
She runs down the ground and asks the locals
for help.
However, the men stay rough at her and Jeff.
Amy gets angry, throwing the leaves to the
people.
The vines fall to a young boy.
This makes the man turn violent again.
The boy is shot to death after that.
Amy and Jeff are shocked and come back up
the top.
The group realize there is something mysterious
with the vines as they all touch it and bad
things happen.
Now it is Amy's turn to be lowered into the
shaft on the board.
At the bottom, she and Stacey struggle to
lift Mathias on the backboard.
Luckily, the trio are lifted to the surface.
While Jeff, a pre-med student, inspects Mathias'
wounds, they all argue about what to do about
their situation.
Later, they decide to rest in the tent, hoping
someone will find them.
In the morning, Jeff wakes up and hears some
noise from Heinrich’s body.
Jeff realizes his body has turned to skeleton.
At the same time, Stacey wakes up screaming.
She looks down at her leg, and one of the
vines from the ruins is clearly penetrating
into her injury.
Outside, Amy checks on Mathias.
Sweating and looking pale, Mathias asks Amy
to lift up the blanket because he senses something
is wrong with his legs.
A bunch of vines has grown over his lower
half.
They try to remove it the best they can, but
he is severely injured due to the cuts all
over his skin.
Now the friends realize they are being quarantined
by the tribe due to an evil lurk from the
vines in the ruins.
The cell phone rings again from the shaft.
Stacey and Amy once again get down to look
for it.
In the bottom, they begin to look around with
a handmade torch.
As they walk slowly down a hall, they hear
the phone ringing again.
Staying calm to continue with the search,
Amy sees that the inside of the red flower
is vibrating.
It turns out all the flowers are actually
recreating the sound of a cell phone ring
by vibrating their stamens.
The plants suddenly become hostile and chase
the two girls.
They run to escape from them and luckily get
pulled up out of the shaft just in time.
The two explain what happened in the shaft.
Jeff decides to amputate Mathias’s legs
immediately.
The girls go to the tent, while Jeff heats
up a cast iron in the fire.
Eric is told to hold down Mathias, while Jeff
breaks both leg bones and cuts them off with
a hunting knife they found.
They see the vines retrieve the remaining
flesh that Jeff had cut away.
The vines are clearly carnivorous, and are
waiting for the friends to become their food.
Later, Stacey and Amy go into one of the tents
to sleep while Eric looks out.
Amy can't sleep and talks about Stacy while
sitting next to Eric.
In the tent, Stacy wakes up from sleep with
a clear moan and sigh that she believes came
from Eric and Amy.
Furious, she jumped out and accusing them
of sleeping together.
Stacey screams at Amy, and when Jeff tries
to explain, Stacey tells him that Amy has
cheated on him before.
While the four friends argue, the vines come
from the ruins and choke Mathias to death.
Jeff runs to his rescue, but is too late.
In the morning, Amy and Jeff sit next to each
other at the top while the tribe begins to
spread salt to stop the vines.
It is clear that something about the vines
scared the Mayans.
Eric calls the two to check on Stacey.
He tells Stacey to show them her back.
She reveals a vine slithers like a snake under
the skin.
The group decides to cut them off Stacey to
save her.
Jeff cuts a large flesh on her knee, and grabs
the vine that is attempting to go deeper into
her leg.
Next, Jeff makes a larger cut, pulling out
vines from her back.
Finally, they can take out as much as the
vines in Stacey’s body.
Later, Stacey insists that she can feel another
one by her bones.
They try to convince her that there isn't
anything else in her body.
All four asleep, Stacey awakens first and
walks out of the tent.
She looks for the hunting knife that they
used to cut out the vines the other day.
Eric wakes up, and all three get out from
the tent to find Stacey.
They see Stacey standing in a pool of her
own blood, slowly cutting herself for the
deadly vines.
They tell her to give them the knife - but
she is clearly beyond reason.
When Jeff tries to get the knife back, she
cuts him in the palm.
Eric now tries to get her attention, and she
accidentally stabs the knife into his chest.
Eric falls to the ground and dies from the
knife wound, followed by the vines taking
him as their meal.
Stacey - screaming from the pain and realizing
what she has just done.
Stacey begs Amy to kill her.
Jeff quietly puts Stacey out of her misery.
Jeff now stains blood on Amy's face and arms,
and explains to her that she must run, while
he creates a diversion to lure the tribe.
He walks down the steps holding her, presumably
dead, in his arms, and lays her down on the
ground.
He pretends to walk along the edge of the
ruins far enough to buy Amy time.
He then gets shot by arrows and bullets.
Amy gets up suddenly and runs as fast as possible
towards the abandoned Jeep they found earlier.
Amy, chased by the men, manages to get in
the Jeep and starts the car.
She drives off rapidly down the road to an
unknown fate, and a vine slither appears under
her right eye.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!